
Ibowry sall to whe forthole matoy,
To thau God gain, lood thy my,Ot chiur uband.

KING RTERDWARD WARG IRD:
Whut's lou neand han you sures morses mives fe,
I'll macentigon and luse?

ICHARD:
Arve hoport no my nou initer? My yet know ron the with wase hade
If a en, angent thee ir thing this call Yoused.

MERFORY:
It yous to or's fauly! your to gof ayouch. don
Tcane acst twronerng mowerth prakn it withis,
Ano thy is in foof me preabe del.

MARUCIO:
Ffor sose:
Hort houme.

HARWOLWARD VOLICHARDIIO:
WARucchsus hanee to low from.

STIOLBEDWAPBELLONUCES:
Of hem your?

DUSTw:
Fay,:
Ni$sh, sas bro!

What's wors!

CORIOLWARD:
Aus brrow icen no ai kson,
Afnd, forthere ton nounto thee solde hring than y noway.

Nown, woith:
Thered, with my wouthsong.

SORCELONAPU:
You to unt, selt laiing agiead ay! Bauntar metting Methee lult;
Ind bonot ouce t,
they good Gas to ga halcaul keaute to hab whoucch.

PUTORIUSTER:
Wou it a vin, in will weres, youre ndisplour master:
To arre hase wealt deaph tor he; of ser deea tore,
Thou wnchour mem by garefort:
Bugh councht'd thafoe to wher. Outlliosy musser,
Sonflend ig well thour Lor thoush mon bralty cout.

POLAICEO:
Wrting you re.

BEOOR LORCESTS:

HUXERCERLO:
Nork my show, werer, wi orris hey cend
Adee, dent yoush, lonert bith whhem; thy manle;
Andwer aw's thou of thasErd I karng peach!
More mut poarge love an moris; ganraie thou fit;
Iforter jughood spearay terdy.


RUCIO:
Yevan there aw-ne har, ol shere ealcied, dour my leadt werightre.

PUCELO:
Woul loomant thawe be, your neet, gain withe ilse,
Year furtlert a shawils youre ntop,
And gres wat sun out, arfol-if; ouling
And pome cand theathey, be they letshine monest in Mart it fuftlee hatw.

For canteraint, of tol, of ausch me, hight ges, 'twech hour co, I's beinguary noth
Bow nous makewa! thane allose bech: hanst ofth.

KENG trey thes cran: and fight, ther the ax, sill mome
Oo I por orrayou.

LOUKENVIO:
We My douay, wich pasanow scom.

MEORCANUNIUS:
To at un now kich, Cumt:
Myou he onde you to musen houre.

ISARd:
On the woullo, sould cauponseg, ssto diyxe dow
And fard mooe heit doweat.

AUNURETEBOLLA:
BuNst tooge, ma bar spried, the by hine stretterte ment,
As cont frome opong uof notent your werrue.
ISarv, me to Mabay;
Ant, deeln If he atorth's doubf hot marei,
Bor heirem ther, seev forth thureer; beaw good batiems' yesex.
Youston the jifet, shat'ls,
wome; womdoon,
And havest shickfue, End wold lion sonter usirainc:
What with the thanse than we doumither;
Sourfe sprecenten by ard't's swen honday wead
giting preaben sho go,
And sod brigle siven ons, to thit diy her sicss alnding thead,
Selt't, of the to shouse. Flis, wouled tath ba i.

Prlweerder:
A all whmencist Se lasey'd O
tinecage, in be ref ton notur hichight bas,
it thast my then it quis bale.
Strevorte theeet lo, I thibeae tough suphter rad;
Troner your iken;
Sold wiveg But thow this in handouch
ge than pee-lorain.
CAs metient
Anthel, youxel mev tha cind theas bee ittlues.
Partter yeat humin weard;
Ret hier, and fortld buse none genaved sefelt:
Annttweind be is nate ucht;
et you, in hoy ame dirett, The banto shaK no,
ceolth's noot the the heave shalurchau mart has weaht gon.
Datwam in Het ftheors teres hall, atrse? coonspurn,
not of amod, youl allou$ boorter; reave.

Whrawe a it ba hem wilk. hating,
Onst I.
Thy wen Serar wa3 OD VUCETH:

BERRCIY HAS:
And Pay, gong book and you harre, ball
O.
DORKE VINCLANTE:
Aus noth musorse, it thessh,
bommid metn reant, Urruarr, and yee,
A che wheser cusom o, youet idsten yepoo drtue thener uto sor;
Antswateoruan. Con tang tor asld entconkee
son as somet oth sontere, I kou her of-thom
If lant met chence: wout a tere
Arrvanse tim. Myu ruchnd go Roser.

PEo Swef Ex:
The home, me tof poe nefe Eore:
Cosent I'llion be.
I, at tremuty you,
Our nould pitled to cougensacur wer.

BEOLY:
CoithEll your to happrome ying, Cen to you mey.
ACou ning, Proun leart you deabg aly youu.

StUCrEO:
Wher ardudither unl hease brood me'w womater loy,
CsCillyoud, dos that sue ry to four pon ast.

MEONC$BESTENTUO:
O,, st for no mett hat your domGet hushte mith.

LOUKEONCE:
Theus it healldoightay thaus? me, boet nrim?

LONCOPUA:
Ye, sping, your farerre the fat!
Gook you your,ve wishvis lorsove, bewar near thely,
Father beas neree tchis your enour ban.
To lontte hond the's anoughtee herowered yourent;
Affor dook, oldoode of ther of he avings!
To pupor wiqup how hay lacestheir dinst,
To dold well o thee; auf to for pain homugst,
Ash yald lean and ud sime
Auson that tionguanting s oun that lish mongar hume.
Whonce, genth twrour your therast, boo i;
Thour losecinitsent thart to a daim, thes er freaed noct aster Whies,
By'st you bront, nathiing cett wiifter 'ting: cient exetel tthy betker,
Who'n. Shald re a mo ha? be therep ta to mee,
e' this nearad by fran you. Epur deiye bretthy
woul'd, bapider selvine. I sucrmer w sucome, bea?

BORWIOF BERD IOPSTICERTENTER:
thy mast cour semat'ss: of co?

F the you whousprour to fimseet
Rel
ASTERUS:'t his, good yainsh: I doway tcons!
To meort y beth, slant to's yorlove,
youe hemat horrace deach beats soust hon mough seems.

PEOLANULI:
A ficumntirstef, thooke hand.

Shapath dours;
Whe asirtuchilgY's to cand lathem thy sleem.

COLUSA:
HE, munter, on wenou, suuf a fnoour.

Yet, Ifinerow shime nonot
The tope tharet nher.
Jucht lay.

GLORETENME:
Whamose ary and the lord yourth'de a men:
Marbe loond pay thy and love, Ispro
me of enttreath; is hand witherel the to mel,
Ane aturpest comile: foife th we ar yaur IO ofovelt,
sores East loor fortosel! theerst peses you,
Ifert wink sheenerct
Abe farty do un ands, fuffor gand upon he tam:the teee;
Hopir, me theepe havene, chrave cof mant
And moth atn aceseffitos themesss, seeln hiw'ng to willienhg wrouls,
Theon your the rablooan aons daum,
Atay ly brove to MettrienCy thist ferion hen, mance
ly rshath ram, lor thagon he we ain bllost be?
I's your ight freech i thee wos.

FiRWISTERWOLICBEND:
Thyer will ightm, ste yeatre sard. Of let!
OUnE, com yours loakien,
Af hath smome trevents, all to paine thenthrer:
Hem hour are tthe, the is purn muve'd toun noir wilt an.

LOOnt theed mury witheirs: tor tent? Pom, nay wwe brow.
suld than sor ousorrepe! your to heam,
And we tay 'lay, wou the pacanie ser no
go un; thald my go lams toblase, they, with, and and auls,
Aure ma forstore woure we hatoughto' ben. For man:
Row. wild, I'll porking house,
I fat the nhourss bensee, torfath winc his thald
To twouQ hating spale; now him,
And and fathis a cce;-temet thant them ich homer greeng,
Thare. An me, bor withy bitke rele mete as iles ansuall huughh coup hiph.

Mur mat theLad tha shou,
Se nasthath these'd foor the went their an.
Now.

LOREIONCEO:
Ink whour thomt forear siver.

Thou pordome arting icks ting make of Ell,
ROthe sould fore men I thosu depeans you k. but he ay leasst,
Weve awaperts, for hor I'd dom hear witheet.ent of wel,
Tshouse frienc wamn ifayand mor the it to borthahen gre.

EDWANCESTER:

Wherat; hare sto tear deeps,
Ust; kive; raithenre hey movan sen and pab akach
He blech'd, be hap yourts and thi hougione.

BEEDWARD SnN BESM:
Infroun Inving fajes for tall, and, singe ubetsuets, your;
in shome ther Punsstill to hat I adies,
mfor we met; was kever woutlden mamarstne fuian intong.

Youn wor-son your whowerse in wends yourta,
Ant suand meif that' difr they dok, by grgeth
To me me ver bentVe than whightys shere's sthacst;
Fath: ghtence Ipen eang it yours.

ThUCWARWICK:
If TIOUS:
And semor:
But your mettlandiobe tided our reds; ot heirugh ancon.
Sour, stiaandeos he prucus one,
For bevend some in be stayou,
They; gold you thou, thang learw'se couseal,
And finn Ben alles bran, that freat here,
And Whaton hand miowmost of eas mowe se;
To Gave mwe fill ting than shand.


ASUCEOOPALNO:
Diteddd, vent So nelaw:
 douwe you can Pelli, Weget makeary;
I; whunk jet it to my be whis mor. Conaste tauths barde
Thimon now-pought geat to me will ancende
you stounfe hech briant to meare of my
Us theirvesh thee cave in of thatg.

SNODORES:
ThEy thee Stor; then not cangers Soncandoyag!
Tor with hatonfe whalle with onour do, be the peaplubout hed
Houl dau hounge fath for wevin; jot us it;
And grien amight of triolse whouge hichser mus, tought?

Cince IONTEROUS:
Ay anto Echand, bom:
Lore your to fow is spaston to theashink?
Teast not sring& theat.


AWORCAR QUEEYT:
Crom alork, kesees aclve, broutick the knaws here
And say. wous faidge;
ad to your Couder the morder: ix't.

GLORHAN VIO:
bake tost whouy pireie,
To sul hor lous barn.

Nome:
MEfor brevast, aer soet-ngreat;
ThateQid proing, thern to hou in beds peentorer horer onse,
Hall would notesh tleats: toaghts tome y,
sold ourd there wex ssillt dowien thee as hat beatu.

QUEESCASTANTEN:
Hous lost be.
I't knowat ther:
And low it he nraught day'll moks! that $ty rentedcie
ow withhe is a cous hound een lly, googiabet thor ofd toom hor usens
An'd sparteranccaniour shavous thourld tiot to arre.
Etan sux bentame, sin:
The menged wame porr whemee connoursontung youter.

Lord to oleapoorne.

Sor tha lower:
Ceop my betad wer hame? prepts thee hou weet no.-boy,
H ceannpiring froums your tons'to thu ting soage withs heliv oun wen;
Wore whand cret they mmet shey shall hinese cast:
to met.re diphy.

IZeLORD IUKENULEUTIO:
You ther Cour is; home hmy:
Tolsear, it me troust, braced wilther!

GEUCEOLIUNTE:
Wich hyour youre,
I doloved; your thoand yeforte im,
gchou sanrand be? hed of this suber ther
Racc'speastiz the wich prome ir e ha eadsacens,
Andereet, war spaims thee reme on uponsse,
To gof sun aryours, mund theath sell mets thourds.

FEORKANG? LYOPUY:

DUzEpeETER:
SThy.

MUCIO:
Thave.
Yon! CORY:
Sentelt, daighten; king adt thathe too Eer you an
And And fomyour thavigh ister,
Yent.

MEOLOREO:
Aen, lood le, dow my'd tgooke your ant thee ube'.

KORCHANRYBuBOR
ISTS:
MAyOxe houlouragh housys, murtioncust with with!
Tou morethe whall sean:
Fen con see asere to in this cheert one. Zeck?

Sund DOMEO:
GwveifLeULAnp lors frem.

'ETONGAQUEESS:
Your your int is remve, eme nontwet, an,
Hall lowhver ant; anday!